README.md, before:

# Inkdrop Thumbnail List Plugin

> Inkdrop plugin to show thumbnail images in note lists

![](https://inkdrop-plugin-badge.vercel.app/api/version/thumbnail-list) ![](https://inkdrop-plugin-badge.vercel.app/api/downloads/thumbnail-list) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fus1ondev/inkdrop-thumbnail-list?style=plastic)

![](./images/ss.png)

This plugin shows thumbnails in your note list.

Basically, it gets the first image of each note, but you can override this by setting a `thumbnail` key in the front-matter.

```yaml
---
thumbnail: https://example.com/image.png
---
```

You can also change the name of the key (default: `thumbnail`) from the settings.

## Changelog

### 0.4.0

- Fix a bug that context menu is not displayed in v5.6.0
- Support middle mouse click
- Add missing indications (pin, conflict icons, and absolute datetime for older notes)
- Add `Background Color` option
- Update dependencies

### 0.3.0

- Update dependencies and speed up thumbnail extraction process

### 0.2.6

- Split the URL extraction process into a separate package which uses better regex

### 0.2.5

- Fix a bug that there are extra margins on items without thumbnails

### 0.2.4

- Use `require` instead of `default export` for dayjs

### 0.2.3

- Fix a bug that non-YAML formatted text in the front matter cause a crash

### 0.2.2

- Change to get dependencies from npm

### 0.2.1

- Fix a bug that caused a crash if duplicate keys existed in front-matter

### 0.2.0

- Add `Show Summary` option (Thanks [@xmarkclx](https://github.com/xmarkclx))
- Add `Image Style` option (Thanks [@xmarkclx](https://github.com/xmarkclx))
- Use default summary view instead of `remove-markdown`

### 0.1.0 - First Release

Commit message:

docs(readme): add v1.0.0 changelog and section about emoji support

README.md, after:

# Inkdrop Thumbnail List Plugin

> Inkdrop plugin to show thumbnail images in note lists

![](https://inkdrop-plugin-badge.vercel.app/api/version/thumbnail-list) ![](https://inkdrop-plugin-badge.vercel.app/api/downloads/thumbnail-list) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fus1ondev/inkdrop-thumbnail-list?style=plastic)

![](./images/ss.png)

This plugin shows thumbnails in your note list.

Basically, it gets the first image of each note, but you can override this by setting a `thumbnail` key in the front-matter.

```yaml
---
thumbnail: https://example.com/image.png
---
```

You can also change the name of the key (default: `thumbnail`) from the settings.

## Emoji support

If `emoji` key is found in the front-matter, it is  shown before the title.

![](./images/emoji.png)

## Changelog

### 1.0.0

- Add `Show Emoji` option

### 0.4.0

- Fix a bug that context menu is not displayed in v5.6.0
- Support middle mouse click
- Add missing indications (pin, conflict icons, and absolute datetime for older notes)
- Add `Background Color` option
- Update dependencies

### 0.3.0

- Update dependencies and speed up thumbnail extraction process

### 0.2.6

- Split the URL extraction process into a separate package which uses better regex

### 0.2.5

- Fix a bug that there are extra margins on items without thumbnails

### 0.2.4

- Use `require` instead of `default export` for dayjs

### 0.2.3

- Fix a bug that non-YAML formatted text in the front matter cause a crash

### 0.2.2

- Change to get dependencies from npm

### 0.2.1

- Fix a bug that caused a crash if duplicate keys existed in front-matter

### 0.2.0

- Add `Show Summary` option (Thanks [@xmarkclx](https://github.com/xmarkclx))
- Add `Image Style` option (Thanks [@xmarkclx](https://github.com/xmarkclx))
- Use default summary view instead of `remove-markdown`

### 0.1.0 - First Release
